0:01  
So the first question is, what types of games do you play?

0:06  
The type of games I play are usually like, collaborative like with other people in teams. So or like solo, but like, what do you call it like Battle Royale type?

0:17  
Play warzone, right. And I used to go play in our quads with like my friends, or trios and then and  compete against other people. But also like, Call of Duty I used to also play with lobbies with my friends and stuff. That's another game I play with friends. Also even like fall guys, it's like, you're not on a team but like everyone's competing and I can play with my friends as well compete against them and fall guys. So yeah, and Rocket League you play that in teams as well. And I play with my friends as well. Those are the type of games Yeah, what kind of games would you say you play most often? Like me or my friends. You

1:00  
usually first person shooter games

1:03  
FPS

1:07  
What games recently are your favorite games?

1:12  
Right now what's your favorite game to play

1:19  
with game Oh, are there is it doesn't have to be video game. Just any? I guess. Say it's epic game really? Well, right now we're playing a lot of geo guesser. I'm playing a lot of do get from friends so you could compete and whoever has distance wins. Gotcha.

1:37  
In terms of video games, it would be Warzone probably. Okay, gotcha. It's gonna prevent you from getting

1:44  
what like devices to use to play games. So I have a PS five that I usually play games on. I think 100% of the time PS five. Oh, I guess I should have mentioned like I also play Super Mario Kart and I play

2:01  
Super Smash Bros. Switch because I have a switch and and PS five at my apartment. So yeah, I play on both of them. And for PC if I play anything on PCs using Minecraft or something like that. Yeah. Gotcha. Gotcha.

2:17  
Do you typically like

2:20  
you just switch like at home? Or do you I take it places? No, the switch kind of stays. Yeah, and just stays gotcha. Gotcha.

2:30  
Are there any like topic game launchers they typically use like steam or like, oh, I guess? Epic Games on here. I don't really use it for anything. I guess if I want to play Rocket League on the PC. Yeah. On the computer. Yeah. Yeah.

2:48  
So amongst us like games that you mentioned, what do I any they prefer, depending on what type of mood you're in. So like, if your time was like Call of Duty, or for in the mood to play Rocket League, like? Yeah, I guess like it depends on what everyone wants to play at first. We don't really.

3:07  
Yeah, it's like hard was it just? Yeah, whatever everyone's craving to play, I guess. But then and then we would switch off like and rotation type because we get tired of playing one game and then we switch to Rocket League recently

3:29  
we see they play games more by yourself or other people with other people for sure. I rarely play games by myself anymore. I used to play like destiny by myself but Destiny requires other people as well I guess but yeah.

3:45  
If you play with such a player people like how do you communicate with your friends? Yeah, so that that answer is changed over my so I used to if all my friends are like

3:58  
if all my all my friends are using

4:03  
so all my friends are usually on PS five or the Sony

4:10  
we used to use these places and party that but now we since now two of them are usually play on PC now we go on Discord. And so I still play cross platform games. So that's how we still play. Gotcha. Gotcha.

4:28  
So if all your friends are like

4:33  
PC play PC games are more likely to like play the game. Your friends are online available to those services.

4:41  
What was it so?

4:44  
The question

4:47  
was gonna be like, yes. Are you more more likely to play games with your friends are online available on those services? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gotcha.

5:00  
Um, so like, almost use games you mentioned, are there any they prefer playing? We have like some free time. So if you have like, so like, in between classes Yeah, like two hours before class a while we play a game in the meantime, like to pay what timeframe that you have used to play by sometimes after class in between classes. Like, if we don't want to do homework or anything we just we can play Super Smash Bros. Or like on the weekends when we have free time we just we can go on and play yeah, during school. You have less free time though. So during school underscore running this for sure less playing time when compared to breaks. Summary right? Yeah. So what types of games would you play? We have like small amount of time.

5:45  
Super Smash Bros to smash our Mario Kart. Yeah. And then we have like, a log of my time, like on the weekend with games. We could play like, like a whole bunch of games and war zone for sure. Because war zone you have to like, you know, I guess war zone games could last, like 30 minutes, right? For sure. Sometimes it can be shorter, depending on

6:08  
but

6:11  
yeah, yeah.

6:16  
So now, how much time do you spend searching for a game to play versus actually playing the game? Yeah, it depends on like, the network sometimes. But usually searching for a game doesn't take long, especially with popular games like Rocket League, and Warzone I think fall guys, though, takes a little bit more time than it did at its peak time. But yeah, searching for a game usually once we're all in sometimes does take some time for us to come together in the lobby, like waiting for people to join and like turn on their PCs and stuff. takes time for that. And then once we're all done, then we start

6:56  
this choosing again, something that you think about or do choose game that was fun to play at a given time.

7:03  
No, usually, we choose by, we think about what we play first in terms of like what everyone wants to play, I guess. But like, Cuz usually the games we play when they're fun, you know? Gotcha.

7:18  
Ever

7:24  
so next question is when do I usually play games? When I usually play games? Yeah.

7:29  
Usually evening tonight. Yeah. And then if it's in between classes that's off in the middle the middle of the day, but yeah.

7:44  
Okay, so talk about like finding new games. So how often do you find so playing the same game over again? It's been a while we've been playing the same game there's a warzone 2020 Same as far guys like 2021 Call of Duty's just like any new Call of Duty that comes out, but usually we're not up to date because we haven't bought the new Call of Duty. So we played the old version.

8:04  
I mean,

8:06  
we try to venture out like we all downloaded a destiny but like yeah, we don't we used to stick with the same games usually. I mean, there's I think what was the one game that popped off for a little bit?

8:20  
It was like a free to play game.

8:24  
I forgot but there was this one game that like was popular. We played it but then we got bored of it. And so there's a like, it was kind of had a peak and then right yeah, I forgot what game it was. I mean, it's like it's like me like I'm on this. Yeah, yeah. X moment. It was like, forgot it wasn't Warframe it was something like that. Okay, yeah

8:49  
why?

8:51  
So it gives a point why do you keep playing those games? Now I play new games. One because of cross platform two I can play with my friends and three other fun things freezes Do you find yourself losing interest in the game but Yeah, boy. Oh, well yeah

9:14  
I mean, I think Warzone actually will last a little bit interest because of the new updates and the maps and I just like the OG like first member down scan. Same with kind of fortnight. Oh, yeah, I even mentioned we I used to play fortnight but now it's like, it's like OG fortnight was really good, but that was it. Yeah, now it's like dissuading people. It doesn't it's not it doesn't feel the same. So I lost interest. Gotcha.

9:43  
What stops you from playing a different game is that case because mostly because we're more conservative. We were on the safer side. We know this is fun. Sometimes we occasionally do. Try new things if you have time.

9:58  
When do you look to doubt

10:00  
A new game.

10:02  
When do when do you look to download a new game when we're when we just have time and we're bored of the games we're playing at in a given day. Like we could just hop on and see what games we could all play cross paths. And

10:17  
what strikes you the most when you search for?

10:21  
T more intent? And

10:24  
if it has, like a lot if it's like,

10:27  
if there's a lot of people playing it usually it's poppin Yeah, gotcha.

10:34  
Do you want to play new games altogether? or new ways to play games you already own?

10:41  
So maybe I called you like, maybe try new game mode or something? Yeah, I'd say the new ways to play games because like, even in college it yeah, there's different game modes we could switch off on. So that's a lot of fun. Yeah, capture the flag. Or even like hide it hide and seek was called property. Yeah. Do you look for new games swords Wednesday played recently? Or do you look for new games? Different unique from past games that you play?

11:07  
Usually, they're kind of the same. Yeah, I mean, fortnight, their battle rails, you know?

11:15  
War Zone. Fall, guys. It's also a battle royale. Basically. No, you know?

11:22  
Yeah, it's like mostly the same type of games. Not like, no, like, indie type games. Right? Okay. Yeah. Do you play different game modes within games you already play?

11:34  
For sure. I mean, for guys, there's now a team mode that I heard of. There used to be just solos and same with Call of Duty you know, there's search and destroy free for all Team Deathmatch kill confirm.

11:49  
Pawn hunt, you know, all that.

11:52  
Whatever. Yeah.

11:54  
Any game or too many games. In games you played they feel like are hidden. They're like, not that

12:03  
I just had that like, easily findable. That's maybe fun.

12:10  
Or as popular?

12:12  
I mean, I would say like Rocket League. Most people play casual or most people play competitive. But there's also casual so ranking doesn't matter. Right? Yeah. And then there's also I forgot that is the arcade or something where there's there's another moto rockling where you have power ups and stuff that's

12:39  
okay, so certain people will feel more than mu for certain games and gave it to us at certain times. there's ever a time where you prefer a certain genre of game or certain activity with a game based on the current mood.

12:53  
Usually my mood tells me to play first person shooter I can just hop on and lay

13:01  
if not, like if I want to be more competitive I play rec Rocket League. I guess if I feel competitive I want to play Rocket League because I can you know try to up my rankings or in caught I guess the only competitiveness is like your KD and

13:17  
what type of situations and makes you anticipate given the most so like, say like yeah, like a long week of school. And you just like, actually burn out like, what game do usually turn to after? It'd be so hard I think Yeah, cuz you could just play for like a long time. Yeah, yeah.

13:35  
Okay, that's it.

13:37  
Yeah.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
