I = Interviewer
P = Participant


P: Alright. We're recording.

I: So yeah, this is the consent form to participate in the research study. So you can just read it at your leisure and sign it.

P: Okay. Okay. Got a question about one of your risks here says the potential risk that the data you share may be leaked. Is there any identifying information in this interview?

I: No, there should not be any identifying information.

P: Alright. And otherwise, yep, I consent to this study, we may begin.

I: Alright. Allow me to get this over here. So, so what kind of, what type of games do you play and, depending on those types, if there's gamemodes in them, what type of gamemodes do you play?

P: Okay, so most often I play indie games. So I think my recent indie game I got back into celeste other than that, I've also been playing a lot of action Rpgs. So Cyberpunk uh haven't played Dota was the other one? Fallout. There we go. And so those are the types of genres are like very fast paced narrative heavy, that's kind of the genre of game I like to play.

I: Alright. And what devices do you use for gaming?

P: PC mostly. Never got the hang of controller.

I: Let's see. And amongst the games that you've like that you've said, is there a certain mood you feel like like do you play certain games when you're in certain moods?

P: So yeah, definitely when for example, I want to get emmersed in a certain story experience. That's when I would pull out like the triple A cyberpunk or like Fallout: New Vegas type games. One where I can really get engaged in it. But otherwise I might play something a little more casual. Like a good example with Ravenfield, which is sort of like a Battlefield clone. And so that is background noise. Like I'm listening to a podcast or like watching lectures for this class and then while that's going on, I play this game.

I: Like if I want to like be a bit more like I suppose specific in a sense like like if you're like sad or something, do you want to play like certain games over others or?

P: I wouldn't say that. I will say that there are some moods where I don't feel like playing games. So like you said when I'm sad particularly, I don't get the mood to play games at all. Uh, mood doesn't interfere or like doesn't change what games I play. It just changes whether or not I want to play a game.

I: Alright, let's see. Do the games, do the games you play change if you're playing with other people I suppose

P: I suppose it highly depends on the game because some games just do not have social capabilities. And so if I'm playing with friends, the foremost capabilities that it should be able to handle playing with other people. Following that I would say it has to be a very cooperative game. It's not just I'm screaming and they're playing along. So games the best game is like it takes too, which is very deliberately coop, but other games like PUBG or what's another one with Apex Legends were games I play with my friends.

I: You said that you play PUBG or Apex with your friends? 

P: With my friends.

I: So I suppose following off that, does that also include games where you're going against your friends as well?

P: I would say for me personally no. Where I don't enjoy if it's like a tournament style, we're all competing against each other. It's a lot more fun to play together and we all we spend most of our time together. Otherwise in a battle royal will be on opposite ends of the map in fighting games. Sometimes it's fun but most times I don't enjoy it.

I: Alright, so how much time do you spend searching for a game to play rather than actually playing a game?

P: Uh not very often, I would say my hobby as gaming, it would be like 95% of the time is just spent playing the game 5% usually during a sale of some kind or if I get a recommendation through social media, that's when I start looking. But very rarely do I go out and be like "Oh I'm looking for this type of game."

I: Like to be more specific in this sense, not necessarily like looking for a different kind of game to play, but looking at the games that you already have an option to play.

P: Okay then that would go even less so, because usually I boot up the desktop and I'm already just like okay these three games, I pick one at random.

I: You just pick one at random? 

P: More or less. Mhm. It also like I said depends on the mood. So if it needs to be background noise, I have a set of games if I want story, there's a set of games, stuff like that.

I: So when do you usually play games?

P: Um most often during the vacations. So winter break uh summer vacation, but whenever I do have work or school obligations, it's usually towards the night when I'm done with it. So I'll get done with work or school and then I'll make dinner and then play video games.

I: Alright. Um, how do you navigate when you should stop gaming for the day?

P: I suppose it's more of my body tells me it's time to stop playing video games. It's just like, "oh, I'm too sleepy" or sometimes there's some other obligation that I need to go into. For example, I have homework left.

I: Alright. I believe I sort of asked this earlier, but let me reiterate this. So certain people feel more in the mood for certain games and game activities at certain times. Is there ever a time where you prefer certain genre game or a certain activity within the game based on the mood?

P: Uh Just to reiterate based on mood, I wouldn't say I prefer certain genre type of game. I would say mood definitely affects whether I want to play a game or not. So, the example I mentioned earlier was when I'm sad, I'm not really in the mood for playing video games and I don't usually play it then.

I: Alright, so what type of situations make you anticipate gaming the most?

P: Uh Usually when I buy a game and it's sitting in my library, that's usually one of the bigger anticipate-ment. And there are certain games where the stories uh it hooks me in of the gameplay is so engaging when I was like, when I'm at work or at school, it's like, "damn, I can't wait to go home and play that game."

I: All right. I believe that's all for questions, so thank you for your time and doing this interview.

P: Alright, thank you so much.